work now these today is a thursday and
we just finished up the quarter in
school so we went out for some drinks
and i've had a headache all day since i
woke up at 136 30 now alright so i
bought the pressure on these i have a
little headache now and I can feel
just-just I can feel a little bit a
little bit of pressure they're tighter
than I would like but I'm gonna fix that
I'll bend them out a little bit make
them a suit but do these these things
are cool man I I never expected them to
be like this I came from the oakley
conducts with the frameless and oh let
me let me get let me get my drops and
see what see what happens there oh yeah
nothing's you can see that you can see
that you can see the frame just a little
bit but there's absolutely no way that
they're getting in the way of your
vision into the side
yeah there's a little bit there's a
little bit of frame but they're not in
the way they're not in the way they're
there they're better than that they're
just way better than I ever expected
like I said just a little bit a little
bit in the way but not even if they're
not even in the way you can just a
little bit see them but they're not in
the way of anything anything that you're
not they don't you know it's what you
expect man a lot of money went and not
enough money and thought minds at ease
and you put them on and you can feel it
and feel the blood sweat after thought
long hours went into this thought
process of these glasses and I
appreciate it we all do we all can
appreciate a good equipment coming from
construction always need good tools same
thing in school seemed like to me in
construction whoever had the best tools
was the best worker always always had
the upper hand same thing I see in
school have a macbook pro and daily I
have the I have the upper hand in school
because it these glasses really get me
at upper hand not only and function but
Justin I got that I got the sickest
glasses than anybody and just because of
that I'm gonna go longer and go harder
I'm gonna be because I have the best
sunglasses that's why that's what the
best tools do for you did they make you
better somebody asked me how come how
come that always is that you you got to
have the best of everything
Wow kind of a stupid question little bit
of pressure for me on the side it's
better on like I said we'll get through
that they're new we'll work on that on
that process let me pop him open I I got
some oakley jawbones for you trying to
charm the pocket so far it hasn't been
as easy as they say I tried it once i
tried the pool on this thing um didn't
quite work but oh yeah nice relatively
easy pop and me this is this is real
real easy real smooth real smooth hmm
I'll tell you the truth the only thing
that I probably would change tell oakley
the change if they're listening you know
you can send me some free stuff too in
saying that I I honestly was a mic my
excitement was was from the heart when I
put those glasses on very excited I was
really really pleased with the way they
felt just a static you saw him I was a
static i get i get that way when the
when something's really good when
something really works i get that way
because i just just the importance of
good equipment is real important to me
huh
I've never done this before so that's
why it's